---
permalink: /
title: "Biography"
excerpt: "About me"
layout: home
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a system architect in the hardware architecture group at Infinera Corp. In
this role, I have been responsible for the OTN features (e.g. client mappings,
ODU multiplexing, protection switching) in several INFN product families
(e.g. DTN, DTN-X, XT, GX). This activity involves examining the end-to-end
services in a top-down fashion, starting at the network level, and then using
this high-level view to derive requirements for (a) the Network Element as a
whole, and (b) the datapath ASICs/FPGAs that implement these features. In
deriving these requirements, I have used the standards/recommendations
developed by ITU-T/IEEE as guidance, and then expanded on these to generate
detailed guidance for ASIC/FPGA designers. As part of this activity, I have
tracked & contributed to ITU-T SG15 Q11 activities related to OTN
Signals/Formats/Equipment.

I have developed requirements to support Layer 1 encryption services in all the
INFN datapath ASICs, and DSPs. This activity too, involved a top-down
examination of the end-to-end view of encrypted services (e.g. datapath AES
encryption, overheads, key exchange, key switches etc.), and then determining
the functions/aspects which will be implemented by the ASICs.

I have had extensive experience with the development of SONET networks and
network elements, as well as Packet Optical Network elements that support both
TDM, and packet services. I started my career developing software for various
protocol stacks (e.g. X.21, X.75, HDLC/BiSync, OSI Layers 2-5), and then
gradually migrated to roles that define architecture for products/components. 

My graduate work was in the area of adaptive data structures. This work, builds
on the concepts from Learning Automata, and examines the effectiveness of
heuristics (e.g. Move-to-Front, Transpose) which organize data structures with
each access, so as to (hopefully) optimize future accesses.


